## EvoSuite Tests

This directory contains the generated EvoSuite tests (corresponding to all seeds) for each buggy version under study.

## Fixed Bug-expo Tests

This directory contains the repaired bug-exposing tests such that all bug-exposing tests now will have correct oracles.

## Overfitting Behavior Comparision

This directory shows the overfitting behavior of the program patched with the original Nopol patch, and overfitting behavior of the program patched with the patch generated by running the proposed approach UnsatGuided.

For each buggy version studied, we have a json file whose name ends with "patched". This file shows the overfitting behavior of the program patched with the patch generated by running the proposed approach UnsatGuided. For the patch generated by UnsatGuided for a specific seed, we use the EvoSuite tests generated for all seeds except this seed to evaluate the overfitting behavior of the program patched with this patch. The "BugExposingTest" item for this seed shows the number of bug-exposing tests among the evaluation tests for the patch generated using this seed. The "FailingBugExposingTest" item for this seed shows the number of bug-exposing tests for which the program patched with the patch generated for this seed will fail. Note here the oracles of the so-called bug-exposing tests have been repaired. Similarly, the "FailingNormalTest" item for this seed shows the number of normal tests for which the program patched with the patch generated for this seed will fail.

For each buggy version studied, we also have a json file whose name ends with "original". This file shows the overfitting behavior of the program patched with the original Nopol patch. To enable fair comparision with the overfitting behavior of the program patched with the patch generated by UnsatGuided for a specific seed, we also use the EvoSuite tests generated for all seeds except this seed to evaluate the overfitting behavior of the program patched with the original Nopol patch. The "BugExposingTest" item, "FailingBugExposingTest" item, and "FailingNormalTest" item have the same meanings as described above. 

## Patches and Analysis

This directory contains the patches generated using the proposed approach UnsatGuided. For each buggy version under study, we first list the patch generated by running UnsatGuided for each seed and then provide a summary of the patches generated for all seeds and our manual analysis of the correctness of the generated patches.
